# menuPlanner

The aim of this project is to allow users to check the menu of the restaurant Liebstoeckel. To achieve this, the content of the page http://www.liebstoeckel-tagesbar.de/mittagskarte/ is grabbed and the data is displayed in the app. In order to represent the elements of the menu, four classes were created: Menu, week, day and dishes. The menu class contains one week. The week class has one period (from 16.10 until 22.10) and a list of days. One day contains its weekday (Monday, Tuesday...), the opening hours of the day and a list of dishes. The dish class has the name of the dish, the ingredients and also the price. The user interface contains three screens: one displaying today's dishes (if today is Monday, the dishes of Monday will be displayed), one with a list of the days that the restaurant will be opened with the possibility to show the dishes of the day selected and another screen with the contacts of the restaurant and also with the localization in a map view. As the project has three possible views, we used a bottom navigation bar to be easy to the user to switch between views. One important aspect is that the use of a bottom bar requires the use of fragments. So three fragments to interact with the layouts(views) were created. To grab the page content and parse all the information, the library JSOUP was used inside an asynchronous class to avoid the main thread to be locked. To persist the data and make it possible to the user to use the application offline, a database was created with three tables: week, day and dish. Concerning the organization of the code and the best practices of coding, the project was divided into five packages: adapter, dao, fragments, model and web.

Next steps:
1. To improve the layout aiming a better user experience;
2. To make it possible to call the restaurant directly from the app;
3. To ask users to test and collect feedback to improve the application.
